---
title: Monitoring Playwright Workspaces
description: Learn about the monitoring data generated by Playwright Workspaces.
ms.topic: how-to
ms.date: 10/04/2023
ms.custom: playwright-workspaces-preview
---

# Monitoring Playwright Workspaces

When you have critical applications and business processes relying on Azure resources, you want to monitor those resources for their availability, performance, and operation. This article describes the monitoring data generated by Playwright Workspaces.

Playwright Workspaces creates monitoring data using [Azure Monitor](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/overview), which is a full stack monitoring service in Azure. Azure Monitor provides a complete set of features to monitor your Azure resources. It can also monitor resources in other clouds and on-premises. Learn more about [monitoring Azure resources with Azure Monitor](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/monitor-azure-resource).

> [!TIP]
> To understand costs associated with Azure Monitor, see [Usage and estimated costs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor//usage-estimated-costs). To understand the time it takes for your data to appear in Azure Monitor, see [Log data ingestion time](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/logs/data-ingestion-time).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Playwright Workspaces is currently in preview. For legal terms that apply to Azure features that are in beta, in preview, or otherwise not yet released into general availability, see the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).

## Monitoring data 

Playwright Workspaces collects the same kinds of monitoring data as other Azure resources that are described in [Monitoring data from Azure resources](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/monitor-azure-resource#monitoring-data-from-azure-resources).

See [Monitor Playwright Workspaces data reference](./monitor-playwright-workspaces-reference.md) for detailed information on logs metrics created by Playwright Workspaces.

## Collection and routing

Platform metrics and the Activity log are collected and stored automatically, but can be routed to other locations by using a diagnostic setting. Resource Logs are not collected and stored until you create a diagnostic setting and route them to one or more locations.

See [Create diagnostic setting to collect platform logs and metrics in Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-settings) for the detailed process for creating a diagnostic setting using the Azure portal, CLI, or PowerShell. When you create a diagnostic setting, you specify which categories of logs to collect.

The log categories for Playwright Workspaces are listed in [Monitor Playwright Workspaces data reference](./monitor-playwright-workspaces-reference.md#resource-logs).

## Analyzing logs

Data in Azure Monitor Logs is stored in tables where each table has its own set of unique properties. All resource logs in Azure Monitor have the same fields followed by service-specific fields. The common schema is outlined in [Azure Monitor resource log schema](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/resource-logs-schema).

You can find the schema for Playwright Workspaces resource logs in the [Monitor Playwright Workspaces data reference](monitor-playwright-workspaces-reference.md#resource-logs).

The [Activity log](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/activity-log) is a type of Azure platform log that provides insight into subscription-level events. You can view it independently or route it to Azure Monitor Logs, where you can do much more complex queries using Log Analytics.  

For a list of resource logs types collected for Playwright Workspaces, see [Monitor Playwright Workspaces data reference](monitor-playwright-workspaces-reference.md#resource-logs).

## Related content

- See [Monitor Playwright Workspaces data reference](monitor-playwright-workspaces-reference.md) for a reference of the metrics, logs, and other important values created by Playwright Workspaces.

- See [Monitoring Azure resources with Azure Monitor](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/monitor-azure-resource) for details on monitoring Azure resources.
